docs/concurrency/concurrency.md, before:

# Concurrency

## Resources
- [lotusirous/go-concurrency-patterns](https://github.com/lotusirous/go-concurrency-patterns) - Concurrency patterns in Go
## 📕 Articles
- [Concurrency With Golang Goroutines](https://tutorialedge.net/golang/concurrency-with-golang-goroutines/)
- [Concurrency](https://www.golang-book.com/books/intro/10)
- [Golang Concurrency](https://www.golangprograms.com/go-language/concurrency.html)
- [Go In Practice - Chapter 3. Concurrency in Go](https://livebook.manning.com/book/go-in-practice/chapter-3/)
- [Go Bootcamp - Chapter 8 - Concurrency](https://www.golangbootcamp.com/book/concurrency)
- [Concurrency Patterns in Go](https://dev.to/karankumarshreds/concurrency-patterns-in-go-3jfc)
- [Explain to me Go Concurrency Worker Pool Pattern like I’m five](https://itnext.io/explain-to-me-go-concurrency-worker-pool-pattern-like-im-five-e5f1be71e2b0)
- [Go Worker Pool — A way around to the sync package](https://itnext.io/refactor-go-worker-pool-a-way-around-to-the-sync-package-7d45b1afb768)
- [Common Concurrent Programming Mistakes](https://go101.org/article/concurrent-common-mistakes.html)
- [Concurrency Synchronization Overview](https://go101.org/article/concurrent-synchronization-overview.html)
- [Concurrency Synchronization Techniques Provided in the sync Standard Package](https://go101.org/article/concurrent-synchronization-more.html)
- [Concurrency in GoLang](https://golangdocs.com/concurrency-in-golang)
- [Concurrency - Build web application with Golang](https://astaxie.gitbooks.io/build-web-application-with-golang/content/en/02.7.html)
- [Concurrency patterns in Golang: WaitGroups and Goroutines](https://blog.logrocket.com/concurrency-patterns-golang-waitgroups-goroutines/)
- [Introduction to Concurrency](https://golangbot.com/concurrency/)
- [Concurrency in modern programming languages: Introduction](https://deepu.tech/concurrency-in-modern-languages/)
- [Concurrency in modern programming languages: Golang](https://deepu.tech/concurrency-in-modern-languages-go/)
## 📺 Videos
- [Learning Go/Golang Concurrency Patterns - Mario Carrion](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7yAAGMOat_Fhj_px_DzNzTsXs-mRwv1t)
- [Google I/O 2012 - Go Concurrency Patterns](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6kdp27TYZs)
- [Concurrency in Go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvgVSSpwND8)
- [Concurrency is not Parallelism by Rob Pike](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oV9rvDllKEg)
- [Golang UK Conference 2017 | Arne Claus - Concurrency Patterns in Go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDRa23k70CU)
- [Concurrency Made Easy (Practical Tips For Effective Concurrency In Go)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqHb5KBe7qI)
- [Concurrency in Go - Steve Hook](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLsc-VaxfZl4do3Etp_xQ0aQBoC-x5BIgJ)
- [Concurrent Programming with Go - Pluralsight](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/go-concurrent-programming)
## Books
- [Concurrency in Go](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/concurrency-in-go/9781491941294/)

Commit message:

Add the video link in the concurrency section

docs/concurrency/concurrency.md, after:

# Concurrency

## Resources
- [lotusirous/go-concurrency-patterns](https://github.com/lotusirous/go-concurrency-patterns) - Concurrency patterns in Go
## 📕 Articles
- [Concurrency With Golang Goroutines](https://tutorialedge.net/golang/concurrency-with-golang-goroutines/)
- [Concurrency](https://www.golang-book.com/books/intro/10)
- [Golang Concurrency](https://www.golangprograms.com/go-language/concurrency.html)
- [Go In Practice - Chapter 3. Concurrency in Go](https://livebook.manning.com/book/go-in-practice/chapter-3/)
- [Go Bootcamp - Chapter 8 - Concurrency](https://www.golangbootcamp.com/book/concurrency)
- [Concurrency Patterns in Go](https://dev.to/karankumarshreds/concurrency-patterns-in-go-3jfc)
- [Explain to me Go Concurrency Worker Pool Pattern like I’m five](https://itnext.io/explain-to-me-go-concurrency-worker-pool-pattern-like-im-five-e5f1be71e2b0)
- [Go Worker Pool — A way around to the sync package](https://itnext.io/refactor-go-worker-pool-a-way-around-to-the-sync-package-7d45b1afb768)
- [Common Concurrent Programming Mistakes](https://go101.org/article/concurrent-common-mistakes.html)
- [Concurrency Synchronization Overview](https://go101.org/article/concurrent-synchronization-overview.html)
- [Concurrency Synchronization Techniques Provided in the sync Standard Package](https://go101.org/article/concurrent-synchronization-more.html)
- [Concurrency in GoLang](https://golangdocs.com/concurrency-in-golang)
- [Concurrency - Build web application with Golang](https://astaxie.gitbooks.io/build-web-application-with-golang/content/en/02.7.html)
- [Concurrency patterns in Golang: WaitGroups and Goroutines](https://blog.logrocket.com/concurrency-patterns-golang-waitgroups-goroutines/)
- [Introduction to Concurrency](https://golangbot.com/concurrency/)
- [Concurrency in modern programming languages: Introduction](https://deepu.tech/concurrency-in-modern-languages/)
- [Concurrency in modern programming languages: Golang](https://deepu.tech/concurrency-in-modern-languages-go/)
## 📺 Videos
- [Deadlocks: The Dark Side of Concurrency - Nick Craig-Wood](https://youtu.be/9j0oQkqzhAE)v
- [Learning Go/Golang Concurrency Patterns - Mario Carrion](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7yAAGMOat_Fhj_px_DzNzTsXs-mRwv1t)
- [Google I/O 2012 - Go Concurrency Patterns](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6kdp27TYZs)
- [Concurrency in Go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvgVSSpwND8)
- [Concurrency is not Parallelism by Rob Pike](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oV9rvDllKEg)
- [Golang UK Conference 2017 | Arne Claus - Concurrency Patterns in Go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDRa23k70CU)
- [Concurrency Made Easy (Practical Tips For Effective Concurrency In Go)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqHb5KBe7qI)
- [Concurrency in Go - Steve Hook](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLsc-VaxfZl4do3Etp_xQ0aQBoC-x5BIgJ)
- [Concurrent Programming with Go - Pluralsight](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/go-concurrent-programming)
## Books
- [Concurrency in Go](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/concurrency-in-go/9781491941294/)
