docs/web/web-rest.md, before:

# Web / REST

## 📘 Resources
- [Writing Web Applications](https://go.dev/doc/articles/wiki/)
- [Learn Web Programming in Go by Examples](https://gowebexamples.com/)
- [Build Web Application with Golang](https://astaxie.gitbooks.io/build-web-application-with-golang/content/en/) - A golang ebook intro how to build a web with golang
- [Web & API Development](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Articles#web--api-development)
## 📕 Articles
- [Tutorial: Developing a RESTful API with Go and Gin](https://go.dev/doc/tutorial/web-service-gin)
- [Writing Web Applications](https://go.dev/doc/articles/wiki/)
- [Golang Skeleton With Fully Managed Versions For Kick Start GoLang Project Development](https://www.mindinventory.com/blog/golang-project-structure/)
- [GOLANG TUTORIAL - WEB APP PART 0](https://www.bogotobogo.com/GoLang/GoLang_Web.php)
- [GOLANG TUTORIAL - WEB APP PART 1](https://www.bogotobogo.com/GoLang/GoLang_Web_Application_1.php)
- [GOLANG TUTORIAL - WEB APP 2 (USING NET/HTTP)](https://www.bogotobogo.com/GoLang/GoLang_Web_Application_2.php)
- [REST Servers in Go: Part 1 - standard library](https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2021/rest-servers-in-go-part-1-standard-library/)
- [REST Servers in Go: Part 2 - using a router package](https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2021/rest-servers-in-go-part-2-using-a-router-package/)
- [REST Servers in Go: Part 3 - using a web framework](https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2021/rest-servers-in-go-part-3-using-a-web-framework/)
- [REST Servers in Go: Part 4 - using OpenAPI and Swagger](https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2021/rest-servers-in-go-part-4-using-openapi-and-swagger/)
- [REST Servers in Go: Part 5 - middleware](https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2021/rest-servers-in-go-part-5-middleware/)
- [REST Servers in Go: Part 6 - authentication](https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2021/rest-servers-in-go-part-6-authentication/)
- [Creating a RESTful API With Golang](https://tutorialedge.net/golang/creating-restful-api-with-golang/)
- [Consuming A RESTful API With Go](https://tutorialedge.net/golang/consuming-restful-api-with-go/)
- [Building a Basic REST API in Go using Fiber](https://tutorialedge.net/golang/basic-rest-api-go-fiber/)
- [Creating a simple “Hello World!” HTTP Server in Go](https://medium.com/rungo/creating-a-simple-hello-world-http-server-in-go-31c7fd70466e)
- [Beginners guide to serving files using HTTP servers in Go](https://medium.com/rungo/beginners-guide-to-serving-files-using-http-servers-in-go-4e542e628eac)
- [Making external HTTP requests in Go](https://medium.com/rungo/making-external-http-requests-in-go-eb4c015f8839)
- [API design: principles and best practices](https://yourbasic.org/algorithms/your-basic-api/)
- [4 Things to Consider When Choosing a Go API Framework](https://markphelps.me/posts/4-things-to-consider-when-choosing-a-go-api-framework/)
- [Building a Basic REST API in Go using Fiber](https://tutorialedge.net/golang/basic-rest-api-go-fiber/)
- [Using Golang to Create a RESTful JSON API](https://andela.com/insights/using-golang-to-create-a-restful-json-api/)
- [Handling requests](https://livebook.manning.com/book/go-web-programming/chapter-3/29)
- [CRUD RESTful API with Go, GORM, JWT, Postgres, Mysql, and Testing](https://levelup.gitconnected.com/crud-restful-api-with-go-gorm-jwt-postgres-mysql-and-testing-460a85ab7121)
## 📺 Videos
- [Let's go with golang - Hitesh Choudhary - Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa)
- [Golang Crash Course - Pragmatic Reviews - Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL3eAkoh7fypqUQUQPn-bXtfiYT_ZSVKmB)
- [Go REST API With MYSQL, GIN, GORM & JWT - Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkVx132FdJZlTc_1gucKZ00b_s45DQlVQ)
- [Golang Tutorials - CoderVlogger - Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxa49UnOmIzr3Zm8DyzRlOwnXdgiYSJzA)
- [GO - Clean Architecture](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7Bs8ngpweC6KN8g1_LS4Be0bWXB23UKB)
- [Creating a Go API using an ORM - Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAGodyl84OY&list=PLzUGFf4GhXBL4GHXVcMMvzgtO8-WEJIoY&index=6)
- [REST API with Go / Gin + Some Simple Tests](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOn1GUsjOF4)
- [REST API with Go, Chi and Handler Testing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zeme_TmXyBk)
- [Golang Web Course - Learn To Code](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSak_q1UXfPrba68q2afhFq4aBAPVSDbj)
- [[Golang] Rapid Web Development In Go (aka Intro Into Buffalo)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0JnHNgPMRk)
- [Develop A Production Ready REST API in Go](https://tutorialedge.net/courses/go-rest-api-course/)
- [Introduction to Go Fiber (and why you should NOT use it)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INt68SlX-LE)
- [Building a Go REST API using Gorm and Fiber!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq2qT0fRhAA)
- [Go Programming - Fiber Web Framework](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHvzNJzA9DQ)
- [REST API with Go / Gin + Some Simple Tests](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOn1GUsjOF4)
- [11 Golang for C# Developers - Web Api using Gorilla MUX](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hd5GoTjlCW4)
## 📦 Libraries
- [gocondor/gocondor](https://github.com/gocondor/gocondor) - A golang framework for building modern APIs
- [beego/beego](https://github.com/beego/beego) - beego is an open-source, high-performance web framework for the Go programming language.
- [labstack/echo](https://github.com/labstack/echo) - High performance, minimalist Go web framework
- [gofiber/fiber](https://github.com/gofiber/fiber) - Express inspired web framework written in Go
- [kataras/iris](https://github.com/kataras/iris) - The fastest HTTP/2 Go Web Framework. AWS Lambda, gRPC, MVC, Unique Router, Websockets, Sessions, Test suite, Dependency Injection and more
- [gin-gonic/gin](https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin) - Gin is a HTTP web framework written in Go (Golang). It features a Martini-like API with much better performance.
- [xinliangnote/go-gin-api](https://github.com/xinliangnote/go-gin-api) - The API framework based on Gin's modular design encapsulates common functions
- [gobuffalo/buffalo](https://github.com/gobuffalo/buffalo) - Rapid Web Development w/ Go
- [zeromicro/go-zero](https://github.com/zeromicro/go-zero) - go-zero is a web and rpc framework written in Go. It's born to ensure the stability of the busy sites with resilient design. Builtin goctl greatly improves the development productivity.
- [justinas/alice](https://github.com/justinas/alice) - Painless middleware chaining for Go
- [eyazici90/go-mediator](https://github.com/eyazici90/go-mediator) - Simple mediator implementation in go
## 🚀 Samples
- [Mindinventory/Golang-Project-Structure](https://github.com/Mindinventory/Golang-Project-Structure) - Golang Skeleton With Fully Managed Versions For Kick Start GoLang Project Development
- [gothinkster/golang-gin-realworld-example-app](https://github.com/gothinkster/golang-gin-realworld-example-app) - Exemplary real world application built with Golang + Gin
- [AkbaraliShaikh/denti](https://github.com/AkbaraliShaikh/denti) - This project is created to demonstrate Go-Lang Clean Architecture/DDD/Hexagonal Architecture, and It show the usage of popular libraries gin, gorm, zap and dig.
- [solrac97gr/goHexagonalBlog](https://github.com/solrac97gr/goHexagonalBlog)
- [uberswe/golang-base-project](https://github.com/uberswe/golang-base-project) - A minimal Go project with user authentication ready out of the box. All frontend assets should be less than 100 kB on every page load.
- [doppelganger113/simple_gopher](https://github.com/doppelganger113/simple_gopher) - Boilerplate for writing Go applications without framework using hexagonal application development approach
- [gocondor/examples](https://github.com/gocondor/examples)
- [foryforx/shopping](https://github.com/foryforx/shopping) - Golang, Gin, JWT, sqlite/SQL - Shopping cart application
- [melardev/GoGonicEcommerceApi](https://github.com/melardev/GoGonicEcommerceApi) - Ecommerce Rest API application built in Go with Gin Gonic + Gorm
- [5olitude/ecommerce](https://github.com/5olitude/ecommerce) - A fully functional Ecommerce API in GO GIN Framework and mongoDB with JWT Authentication
- [vardius/go-api-boilerplate](https://github.com/vardius/go-api-boilerplate) - Go Server/API boilerplate using best practices DDD CQRS ES gRPC
- [sagikazarmark/modern-go-application](https://github.com/sagikazarmark/modern-go-application) - Modern Go Application example
- [ardanlabs/service](https://github.com/ardanlabs/service) - Starter code for writing web services in Go using Kubernetes.
- [ybkuroki/go-webapp-sample](https://github.com/ybkuroki/go-webapp-sample) - golang, echo, gorm
- [solrac97gr/goHexagonalBlog](https://github.com/solrac97gr/goHexagonalBlog)
- [eddycjy/go-gin-example](https://github.com/eddycjy/go-gin-example) - An example of gin
- [gothinkster/golang-gin-realworld-example-app](https://github.com/gothinkster/golang-gin-realworld-example-app) - Exemplary real world application built with Golang + Gin
- [AkbaraliShaikh/denti](https://github.com/AkbaraliShaikh/denti) - This project is created to demonstrate Go-Lang Clean Architecture/DDD/Hexagonal Architecture, and It show the usage of popular libraries gin, 
- [learning-cloud-native-go/myapp](https://github.com/learning-cloud-native-go/myapp) - How to build a Dockerized RESTful API application using Go.
- [HON9LIN/go-echo-boilerplate](https://github.com/HON9LIN/go-echo-boilerplate)
- [Massad/gin-boilerplate](https://github.com/Massad/gin-boilerplate) - Goka is a compact yet powerful distributed stream processing library for Apache Kafka written in Go.
- [evrone/go-clean-template](https://github.com/evrone/go-clean-template) - Clean Architecture template for Golang services
- [powerman/go-monolith-example](https://github.com/powerman/go-monolith-example) - Example Go monolith with embedded microservices and The Clean Architecture
- [AleksK1NG/Go-Clean-Architecture-REST-API](https://github.com/AleksK1NG/Go-Clean-Architecture-REST-API) - Golang Clean Architecture REST API example
- [johan-lejdung/go-microservice-api-guide/](https://github.com/johan-lejdung/go-microservice-api-guide/)
- [victorsteven/Go-JWT-Postgres-Mysql-Restful-API](https://github.com/victorsteven/Go-JWT-Postgres-Mysql-Restful-API) - This is an API built with golang, jwt, gorm, postgresql, mysql
- [solrac97gr/goHexagonalBlog](https://github.com/solrac97gr/goHexagonalBlog) - Boilerplate using Fiber 🚀 , Mongo, Hexagonal Architecture. Including a Blog explaining the components of the boilerplate.

Commit message:

Add web resource 'How to Build a Web App with Gin'

docs/web/web-rest.md, after:

# Web / REST

## 📘 Resources
- [Writing Web Applications](https://go.dev/doc/articles/wiki/)
- [Learn Web Programming in Go by Examples](https://gowebexamples.com/)
- [Build Web Application with Golang](https://astaxie.gitbooks.io/build-web-application-with-golang/content/en/) - A golang ebook intro how to build a web with golang
- [Web & API Development](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Articles#web--api-development)
- [How to Build a Web App with Gin](https://universalglue.dev/series/how-to-build-a-web-app-with-gin/) - A series of articles about building a small web app using Go, Gin, and Gorm
## 📕 Articles
- [Tutorial: Developing a RESTful API with Go and Gin](https://go.dev/doc/tutorial/web-service-gin)
- [Writing Web Applications](https://go.dev/doc/articles/wiki/)
- [Golang Skeleton With Fully Managed Versions For Kick Start GoLang Project Development](https://www.mindinventory.com/blog/golang-project-structure/)
- [GOLANG TUTORIAL - WEB APP PART 0](https://www.bogotobogo.com/GoLang/GoLang_Web.php)
- [GOLANG TUTORIAL - WEB APP PART 1](https://www.bogotobogo.com/GoLang/GoLang_Web_Application_1.php)
- [GOLANG TUTORIAL - WEB APP 2 (USING NET/HTTP)](https://www.bogotobogo.com/GoLang/GoLang_Web_Application_2.php)
- [REST Servers in Go: Part 1 - standard library](https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2021/rest-servers-in-go-part-1-standard-library/)
- [REST Servers in Go: Part 2 - using a router package](https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2021/rest-servers-in-go-part-2-using-a-router-package/)
- [REST Servers in Go: Part 3 - using a web framework](https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2021/rest-servers-in-go-part-3-using-a-web-framework/)
- [REST Servers in Go: Part 4 - using OpenAPI and Swagger](https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2021/rest-servers-in-go-part-4-using-openapi-and-swagger/)
- [REST Servers in Go: Part 5 - middleware](https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2021/rest-servers-in-go-part-5-middleware/)
- [REST Servers in Go: Part 6 - authentication](https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2021/rest-servers-in-go-part-6-authentication/)
- [Creating a RESTful API With Golang](https://tutorialedge.net/golang/creating-restful-api-with-golang/)
- [Consuming A RESTful API With Go](https://tutorialedge.net/golang/consuming-restful-api-with-go/)
- [Building a Basic REST API in Go using Fiber](https://tutorialedge.net/golang/basic-rest-api-go-fiber/)
- [Creating a simple “Hello World!” HTTP Server in Go](https://medium.com/rungo/creating-a-simple-hello-world-http-server-in-go-31c7fd70466e)
- [Beginners guide to serving files using HTTP servers in Go](https://medium.com/rungo/beginners-guide-to-serving-files-using-http-servers-in-go-4e542e628eac)
- [Making external HTTP requests in Go](https://medium.com/rungo/making-external-http-requests-in-go-eb4c015f8839)
- [API design: principles and best practices](https://yourbasic.org/algorithms/your-basic-api/)
- [4 Things to Consider When Choosing a Go API Framework](https://markphelps.me/posts/4-things-to-consider-when-choosing-a-go-api-framework/)
- [Building a Basic REST API in Go using Fiber](https://tutorialedge.net/golang/basic-rest-api-go-fiber/)
- [Using Golang to Create a RESTful JSON API](https://andela.com/insights/using-golang-to-create-a-restful-json-api/)
- [Handling requests](https://livebook.manning.com/book/go-web-programming/chapter-3/29)
- [CRUD RESTful API with Go, GORM, JWT, Postgres, Mysql, and Testing](https://levelup.gitconnected.com/crud-restful-api-with-go-gorm-jwt-postgres-mysql-and-testing-460a85ab7121)
## 📺 Videos
- [Let's go with golang - Hitesh Choudhary - Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa)
- [Golang Crash Course - Pragmatic Reviews - Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL3eAkoh7fypqUQUQPn-bXtfiYT_ZSVKmB)
- [Go REST API With MYSQL, GIN, GORM & JWT - Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkVx132FdJZlTc_1gucKZ00b_s45DQlVQ)
- [Golang Tutorials - CoderVlogger - Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxa49UnOmIzr3Zm8DyzRlOwnXdgiYSJzA)
- [GO - Clean Architecture](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7Bs8ngpweC6KN8g1_LS4Be0bWXB23UKB)
- [Creating a Go API using an ORM - Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAGodyl84OY&list=PLzUGFf4GhXBL4GHXVcMMvzgtO8-WEJIoY&index=6)
- [REST API with Go / Gin + Some Simple Tests](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOn1GUsjOF4)
- [REST API with Go, Chi and Handler Testing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zeme_TmXyBk)
- [Golang Web Course - Learn To Code](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSak_q1UXfPrba68q2afhFq4aBAPVSDbj)
- [[Golang] Rapid Web Development In Go (aka Intro Into Buffalo)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0JnHNgPMRk)
- [Develop A Production Ready REST API in Go](https://tutorialedge.net/courses/go-rest-api-course/)
- [Introduction to Go Fiber (and why you should NOT use it)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INt68SlX-LE)
- [Building a Go REST API using Gorm and Fiber!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq2qT0fRhAA)
- [Go Programming - Fiber Web Framework](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHvzNJzA9DQ)
- [REST API with Go / Gin + Some Simple Tests](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOn1GUsjOF4)
- [11 Golang for C# Developers - Web Api using Gorilla MUX](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hd5GoTjlCW4)
## 📦 Libraries
- [gocondor/gocondor](https://github.com/gocondor/gocondor) - A golang framework for building modern APIs
- [beego/beego](https://github.com/beego/beego) - beego is an open-source, high-performance web framework for the Go programming language.
- [labstack/echo](https://github.com/labstack/echo) - High performance, minimalist Go web framework
- [gofiber/fiber](https://github.com/gofiber/fiber) - Express inspired web framework written in Go
- [kataras/iris](https://github.com/kataras/iris) - The fastest HTTP/2 Go Web Framework. AWS Lambda, gRPC, MVC, Unique Router, Websockets, Sessions, Test suite, Dependency Injection and more
- [gin-gonic/gin](https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin) - Gin is a HTTP web framework written in Go (Golang). It features a Martini-like API with much better performance.
- [xinliangnote/go-gin-api](https://github.com/xinliangnote/go-gin-api) - The API framework based on Gin's modular design encapsulates common functions
- [gobuffalo/buffalo](https://github.com/gobuffalo/buffalo) - Rapid Web Development w/ Go
- [zeromicro/go-zero](https://github.com/zeromicro/go-zero) - go-zero is a web and rpc framework written in Go. It's born to ensure the stability of the busy sites with resilient design. Builtin goctl greatly improves the development productivity.
- [justinas/alice](https://github.com/justinas/alice) - Painless middleware chaining for Go
- [eyazici90/go-mediator](https://github.com/eyazici90/go-mediator) - Simple mediator implementation in go
## 🚀 Samples
- [Mindinventory/Golang-Project-Structure](https://github.com/Mindinventory/Golang-Project-Structure) - Golang Skeleton With Fully Managed Versions For Kick Start GoLang Project Development
- [gothinkster/golang-gin-realworld-example-app](https://github.com/gothinkster/golang-gin-realworld-example-app) - Exemplary real world application built with Golang + Gin
- [AkbaraliShaikh/denti](https://github.com/AkbaraliShaikh/denti) - This project is created to demonstrate Go-Lang Clean Architecture/DDD/Hexagonal Architecture, and It show the usage of popular libraries gin, gorm, zap and dig.
- [solrac97gr/goHexagonalBlog](https://github.com/solrac97gr/goHexagonalBlog)
- [uberswe/golang-base-project](https://github.com/uberswe/golang-base-project) - A minimal Go project with user authentication ready out of the box. All frontend assets should be less than 100 kB on every page load.
- [doppelganger113/simple_gopher](https://github.com/doppelganger113/simple_gopher) - Boilerplate for writing Go applications without framework using hexagonal application development approach
- [gocondor/examples](https://github.com/gocondor/examples)
- [foryforx/shopping](https://github.com/foryforx/shopping) - Golang, Gin, JWT, sqlite/SQL - Shopping cart application
- [melardev/GoGonicEcommerceApi](https://github.com/melardev/GoGonicEcommerceApi) - Ecommerce Rest API application built in Go with Gin Gonic + Gorm
- [5olitude/ecommerce](https://github.com/5olitude/ecommerce) - A fully functional Ecommerce API in GO GIN Framework and mongoDB with JWT Authentication
- [vardius/go-api-boilerplate](https://github.com/vardius/go-api-boilerplate) - Go Server/API boilerplate using best practices DDD CQRS ES gRPC
- [sagikazarmark/modern-go-application](https://github.com/sagikazarmark/modern-go-application) - Modern Go Application example
- [ardanlabs/service](https://github.com/ardanlabs/service) - Starter code for writing web services in Go using Kubernetes.
- [ybkuroki/go-webapp-sample](https://github.com/ybkuroki/go-webapp-sample) - golang, echo, gorm
- [solrac97gr/goHexagonalBlog](https://github.com/solrac97gr/goHexagonalBlog)
- [eddycjy/go-gin-example](https://github.com/eddycjy/go-gin-example) - An example of gin
- [gothinkster/golang-gin-realworld-example-app](https://github.com/gothinkster/golang-gin-realworld-example-app) - Exemplary real world application built with Golang + Gin
- [AkbaraliShaikh/denti](https://github.com/AkbaraliShaikh/denti) - This project is created to demonstrate Go-Lang Clean Architecture/DDD/Hexagonal Architecture, and It show the usage of popular libraries gin, 
- [learning-cloud-native-go/myapp](https://github.com/learning-cloud-native-go/myapp) - How to build a Dockerized RESTful API application using Go.
- [HON9LIN/go-echo-boilerplate](https://github.com/HON9LIN/go-echo-boilerplate)
- [Massad/gin-boilerplate](https://github.com/Massad/gin-boilerplate) - Goka is a compact yet powerful distributed stream processing library for Apache Kafka written in Go.
- [evrone/go-clean-template](https://github.com/evrone/go-clean-template) - Clean Architecture template for Golang services
- [powerman/go-monolith-example](https://github.com/powerman/go-monolith-example) - Example Go monolith with embedded microservices and The Clean Architecture
- [AleksK1NG/Go-Clean-Architecture-REST-API](https://github.com/AleksK1NG/Go-Clean-Architecture-REST-API) - Golang Clean Architecture REST API example
- [johan-lejdung/go-microservice-api-guide/](https://github.com/johan-lejdung/go-microservice-api-guide/)
- [victorsteven/Go-JWT-Postgres-Mysql-Restful-API](https://github.com/victorsteven/Go-JWT-Postgres-Mysql-Restful-API) - This is an API built with golang, jwt, gorm, postgresql, mysql
- [solrac97gr/goHexagonalBlog](https://github.com/solrac97gr/goHexagonalBlog) - Boilerplate using Fiber 🚀 , Mongo, Hexagonal Architecture. Including a Blog explaining the components of the boilerplate.
